---
layout: post
title: "Lights and technology"
quote: "Arduino, LEDs and pixels"
image:
      url: /media/2016-06-01-post-3/image_cover.jpg
video: false
comments: true
theme_color: 302F2D
---
# Taking control

With technology we can do almost whatever we want. Applied to facilitate our lives or give us more options, the technology is present in everywhere and some ordinary activities have been transformed by it. Controling the TV with a wireless device is not something new, and if we can control a TV, why not control other stuff? 
Thinking about it some companies have developed the concep of "smart illumination". Basically, we now have lamps that can connect to our smartdevices and repond basic commands like change the brightness, color or frequence. These devices are not new if we think about commercial spaces like stages or nightclubs, but now we can have one inside our home, which reflects how new technologies are getting close to us faster than ever. 

{% include image.html url="/media/2016-06-01-post-3/image_7.jpg" width="100%" description="New smart lamps are now available" %}

# Simpler than it looks

Although we have these wanderfull lamps available in any supermarket, they have some limitations in terms of creativity. They are normally expensive individual lamps, which means that if you want to combine colors to get an insteresting effect it would cost a lot. So, if we could create our own settings for the lamps, we could program it to act as we want, blinking, shading, turning on or off in the way and time we want. That is what some people do using simple devices like arduino. With an arduino board you can aquire eletronic components as you need and assemble a whole set of lamps with sensors. For example, it is possible to create a lamp connected with a movement sensor, turning it on or off depending on the presence of someome in the space. Not harder than that, you can control the lights to blink in a specific way in order to create a draw in your wall. 
With the computer programming it is possible to develop from simple projects to very sofisticate ideas, all you need is creativity and logic to make your projects.

{% include image.html url="/media/2016-06-01-post-3/image_2.jpg" width="100%" description="Table Lamp showing the wheater" %}
{% include image.html url="/media/2016-06-01-post-3/image_3.jpg" width="100%" description="Using apps to control the lamps" %}
{% include image.html url="/media/2016-06-01-post-3/image_4.jpg" width="100%" description="Table Lamp using LEDs" %}
{% include image.html url="/media/2016-06-01-post-3/image_5.jpg" width="100%" description="Colorful LEDs controlled by arduino" %}
{% include image.html url="/media/2016-06-01-post-3/image_6.jpg" width="100%" description="Wi-Fi lamps" %}
