---
layout: post
title: "Playing with light"
quote: "Using shadows to draw"
image:
      url: /media/2016-05-30-post-1/image_cover.jpg
video: false
comments: true
theme_color: 302F2D
---
# Just Playing

Playing with shadows and light is generally something fun. A child plays with shadowns in the moment that he/she tries to project a dog on the wall using just his/hers hands. Some adults also play with shadows, specially designers and architects. Using different lights and mask patterns it is possible to create interesting geometries in a space. These geometries can be regular, organic or even mutable. If you add some mechanical moviment, we have even an animated projection!

{% include image.html url="/media/2016-05-30-post-1/image_2.jpg" width="100%" description="Light example 1" %}

{% include image.html url="/media/2016-05-30-post-1/image_3.jpg" width="100%" description="Light example 2" %}

{% include image.html url="/media/2016-05-30-post-1/image_4.jpg" width="100%" description="Light example 3" %}

{% include image.html url="/media/2016-05-30-post-1/image_5.jpg" width="100%" description="Light example 4" %}

# How to?

In order to explore the possibilities, a digital fabrication method can be used to build all the parts needed. For the mask, it is possible to use any kind of flexible material, like a cardboard, a fabric or even a folded surface, and print it using a 3D printer or starting with a 2D plan. The main structure can be made using these kind of machine as well, and finally, any mechanical parts that moves or rotates the structures can be created using arduino and its eletronic components, involving the application of some computer programming skills. 
There are no limitation whith the possibilities, every time that you try something just a little bit different can result in a totally new projection.


{% include image.html url="/media/2016-05-30-post-1/image_6.jpg" width="100%" description="construction example" %}
